fix: handle null results in get_dir_file_info() (#10407)
bcit-ci/CodeIgniter4: user_guide_src/source/changelogs/v4.7.5.rst

**********

- **Logger:** Fixed a bug where interpolating a log message with array or non-stringable context values could raise PHP warnings or errors.

> - **filesystem_helper:** Fixed a bug where ``get_dir_file_info()`` could cause a null pointer error when ``get_file_info()`` returns null.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Helpers:** Fixed a bug where ``get_dir_file_info()`` could cause a null pointer error when ``get_file_info()`` returns null.
```

> - **Helpers:** Fixed a bug where ``get_dir_file_info()`` could cause a null pointer error when ``get_file_info()`` returns null.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **Helpers:** Fixed a bug where ``get_dir_file_info()`` returned incomplete entries for subdirectories and missing files instead of omitting them.
```

Reviewer 2: The changelog entry is not accurate: "null pointer error"? Please change it as suggested.
